### Tencent Frontend Assignment | Piriya Chaigul

This news website was created as part of an online assessment for a frontend developer position at Tencent. The website features a toggle button to switch between dark and light mode. It was developed using **Next.js** as the frontend framework and **Tailwind.css** as the CSS framework. The mock data for the website was generated using [_Mockaroo.com_](https://www.mockaroo.com/ "*Mockaroo.com*") with data in the following format and mocking it with **JSON fake server**.

| Field Name  | Type        |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| id          | GUID        |
| author      | Full Name   |
| content     | Paragraphs  |
| date        | Datetime    |
| time        | Time        |
| readMoreUrl | URL         |
| title       | Sentences   |
| views       | Number      |
| category    | Custom List |

Please note that the data generated by [_Mockaroo.com_](https://www.mockaroo.com/ "*Mockaroo.com*") is auto-generated, so the content may not always match cohesively. Also note that the category options in the custom list are "national, business, sports, world, politics, technology, startup, entertainment, education, music, science, and automobile."

In addition, I used *https://picsum.photos/* to generate mock photos. I set the news ID as the seed, so that each news article has a unique but consistent image.

### Algorithms and Function

The code includes a **"Highlight"** section and a **"Related News"** section. These sections are queried using algorithms that are more complex than the basic queries used for **"Latest News"** or **"Most Viewed News"**. While the document did not provide a description of the algorithms used for these sections, for the **"Highlight News"** section, I implemented the **getHighlightNews()** function to filter an array of news objects and exclude the most viewed and latest news articles. The function returns an array of the remaining news objects. As for the **"Related News"** section, I also used the **getNews()** function to fetch news data, but this time with a filter to only show articles from the same category as the current article being viewed. To introduce some randomness, I also added a random element to the selection of related news.

The content detail screen includes a button that allows users to share the article to Facebook and Line, as well as copy the link to the article. Please note that the share to Facebook and Line APIs will only work correctly if the website has a real domain.

### Run Command

- Frontend Side

> yarn install
> yarn dev

- JSON Fake Server

> npm start

Finally, I would like to thank Tencent for the opportunity to take this online assessment test. I hope to have the chance to interview for the job in the near future.
